feat(kcheckbox): reskin component [KHCP-8973] (#1792)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/checkbox.md

# Checkbox

> KCheckbox is a wrapper for native input type `KCheckbox` elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KCheckbox is a wrapper for native input type `checkbox` elements.
```

```

### description

Will place description text under the checkbox label. Can also be [slotted](#slots).

<KCheckbox v-model="descriptionPropCheckbox" label="Label example" description="Some description text" />

```html
<KCheckbox
  v-model="checked"
  label="Label example"
  description="Some description text"
/>
```

### error

Use this prop to apply error styling to the component.

<KCheckbox v-model="errorCheckbox" label="Input error" error description="Some description text" />

```html
<KCheckbox
 v-model="checked"
 label="Input error"
 error
 description="Some description text"
/>
```

### HTML attributes

Any valid attribute will be added to the input. You can read more about `$attrs` [here](https://vuejs.org/api/composition-api-setup.html#setup-context).

#### disabled

Whether or not KCheckbox is enabled.

<div class="vertical-spacing">
<KCheckbox v-model="disabledCheckbox" label="Can't check this" disabled />
<KCheckbox v-model="disabledCheckedCheckbox" label="Can't uncheck this" disabled />
</div>

```html
<KCheckbox v-model="unchecked" label="Can't check this" disabled />
<KCheckbox v-model="checked" label="Can't uncheck this" disabled />
```

#### indeterminate

> In addition to the checked and unchecked states, there is a third state a kCheckbox can be in: indeterminate. This is a state in which it's impossible to say whether the item is toggled on or off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the checked and unchecked states, a KCheckbox can be in an `indeterminate` state. The `indeterminate` state is visual only. The checkbox is still either checked or unchecked as a state, but masks the real value of the checkbox.
```
